# FileSearcher ReadMe
1. BinarySearchTree.java: 
- In the contains method, a contains boolean is created and set to true. If t, the node that roots the subtree, is null, then the contains boolean is set to false. Otherwise, a variable compareResult is created that compares the item searched for to the t.element. If the compareResult is equal to zero, meaning x is equal to t.element, then the contains boolean is set to true. If the compareResult is less than zero, then the contains boolean is equal to the contains of the left of the tree. If the compareResult is greater than zero, then the contains boolean is set to equal the right side of the tree. The contains boolean is then returned. 
- In the find method, the AnyType variable result is created and set to null. If t, the node that roots the subtree, is null, then null is returned. Else, a compareResult variable is created that compares x, the item to search for, with an element from the tree, t.element. If compareResult is equal to zero, meaning x is equal to t.element, then thet.element is returned. If the compareResult is less than zero, then the variable result is set to equal find on the left of the tree. If the compareResult is greater than zero, then the variable result is set to equal to the right of the tree. Else, is the item is not in the tree, then the return is null. Finally, the varible result is returned. 
2. Word.java
- There is a global string called word created. There is also an ArrayList with string contents called fileList that is created. 
- The public classWord implements the comparable method. 
- In the method Word, the constructor method is created and the global string word is set to hold w, which is the parameter the method takes in. 
- In the setFileList method, it takes in an ArrayList of strings, f, and it sets the array of files with the word wanted. The fileList is set to equal f. 
- The method ArrayList getFileList returns the array of files with the desired word. 
- The method setWord takes in the string w and word is set to be w. In other words, the wanted word is set. 
- The method getWord returns the wanted word. 
- The method add takes in the parameter of string f and adds a file to the list of files. 
- In the toString method, the files containing the wanted word are returned. 
- The compareTo method takes in the parameter of object o and compares the wanted word to the word object o. 
3. FileSearcher.java
- Right before my main method, a new BinarySearTree to the name BST is created to access the BinarySearchTree.java and Words.java methods. 
- In the main method, the readFile method is set to read through the files in the argument. A boolean plays is created and set to true. While this boolean is true, the program asks the user to enter a command. If the user enters “a,” the method userChoiceA is called. Else, if the user enters “s,” the userChoiceS method is called. If the user enters “q,” then plays equals false and the game quits. 
- An array called list is created and holds the list of files. For a file in list, the program then ignores the hidden files. If the file is in the directory, then the file is processed. While the files have lines to read, the rows of words are split across by a space and stored in an array called words. For a word (w) in words, a string variable is created to hold the new string without punctuation created later in the code. Looping through the string w’s indices, if the character is a letter or a digit, then we add that character to our string variable. A word object objW is then created to take in the string variable. Next, the code checks if the tree contains the objW (which now holds the string variable that held the new word without punctuation). If objW is not in the tree, then it is added to the file list. Then, objW is inserted into the tree. Otherwise, if the tree contains the objW, then a new Word object objBST is created and holds the results when the find method from the BinarySearchTree.java class is called on objW. Then, objBST is added to the file list. 
- In the method userChoiceA, the printTree method from the BinarySearchTree.java class is called and prints all of the contents from the tree.
- In the method userChoiceS, the program prompts the user to enter a word to find in the tree. The imputed word, stored in the string variable userWord, is then turned into an object and stored in the chosenWord object. If the tree contains the chosenWord, then the program finds if the chosenWord object is in a node in the BST as it exists in the BST and calls on the toString method from the BinarySearchTree.java clas, thus printing the files where the word is. If the tree does not contain the chosenWord, then a message prints saying the word is not found. 
